HMaG
Zombie Girl - (Undead heart) Bauble that gives you +1 Strength.
Husk Girl - (Sun Dried Heart) Bauble that gives you immunity to hunger.
Drowned Girl - (Water logged Heart) Bauble that give water breathing (similar to a turtle shell cap).
Skeleton Girl - (Old Quiver) Bauble that has a chance to not consume an arrow when firing.
Stray Girl - (Ice Arrow) Bauble that applies Slowness I when hitting mobs.
Wither Skeleton Girl - (Black/Wither Rose) Bauble that gives +1 power and applies wither when hitting mobs.
Alraune - (Alraune Flower) Bauble that replicates it's own abilities. A leaf/flower that gives immunity to nausa and poison; and while in water gives regen.
Melty Monster - (Melty Core) Bauble that gives some of Melty's abilities, gives immunity to fire, additionally when im lava allows you to move through it like water.
Kobold - (Lucky Rock) Bauble that gives the luck of a Kobold, gives a chance of giving ore when mining normal rocks and gives a +1 level to fortune.
Ender Executor - (Special Eye) Bauble that gives you the immunity to the Ender Rage effect while also appling it to hit entities and allows you to look at endermen without angering them.
Creeper Girl - (Creeper Girl Hood) Bauble that makes creepers (including Creeper Girls and excluding the Creep) Neutral and give blast resistence. 
Cursed Doll - (Tiny Doll) Baulbe that gives immunity to falling damage and gives +.5 step height.
Jack o' Frost - (Eternal Snowball) Bauble that gives frost walker enchant, allows you to travel on powdered snow and gives the snowball .5 hearts of damage.
Banshee - (A Purple Rose) Bauble that gives applies blindness to mobs hit and temporary Creative flight, this will recharge over time.
Hornet - (Poison tip) Bauble that gives poision on hit and reach (able to hit further away).
Dullahan - (Dullahan Head) Bauble that gives +1 Protection and Strenght II
Ghastly Seeker - (Ghast Tears of Joy) Bauble that Makes Ghasts and other Ghastly seekers Neuteral, Additionally when in the Nether you have creative flight and gives a change for any slain mob to drop ghast tears.
Redcap - (Red Cap) Bauble that gives a stacking damage buff when killing a hostile mob, additionally gives haste when chopping wood.
Slime Girl (Slime Core) Bauble that gives regen III and jump boost
Crimson Slaughterer (Crimson Heart) Bauble that gives +1 sharpness, +1 power, +1 projectile resistance, +1 toughness, allows to climb wall like a spider, additionally doubles all xp.
Snow Canine (Warm Tuft of Fur) - Bauble that gives +1 knockback and +1 looting when killing sheep or chikens, additionally you do not fall in powdered snow.
Harpy (Harpy Downy) - Bauble that gives Slow fall and gives +.5 step height.
Necrostalker (Necrotic Heart) - Bauble that gives Haste, +1 sweeping edge, and life steal (healing a portion of damage dealt)
Dodomeki (Dodomeki eye) - Bauble that gives reach (able to hit further away), and +1 looting
Imp (Hellish lunch box) - Bauble that gives hunger regen (hunger refills over time) additionally when killing another Imp guarantees a bottle o' enchanting drop.
Glaryad (Glaryad Flower) - Bauble that gives the ablilty of when hitting a mob (excluding Glaryad) all other nearby Glaryads (such as zombie piglin's) become hostile, additionally gives regen when in water.
Jiangshi (talisman) - Bauble that gives jump boost, +1 knockback, and applies poision when hitting a mob.
Nightwalker (Night Core) - Bauble that gives you +1 power, and night vision. (Will occasionally speed up audio and increase the pitch).

GoG
Dryad (Dryad Flower) - Bauble that causes the bonemeal effect around you occasionally.
Spriggan (Living Branch) - Bauble that upon taking damage will turn you invisible for a short time.
Succubus (Succubi's Brew) - Bauble that gives life steal (healing a portion of damage dealt) additionally will cause any breedable mob nearby to enter a breeding state.
Banshee (A Pink Rose) - Bauble that gives Haste and temporary Creative flight, this will recharge over time.
Dullahan (Dullahan Armor) - Bauble that gives +2 Protection, +2 Projectile Protection, and Knockback resistence.
Mummy Girl (Ancient Wraps) - Bauble that gives regen III when hit, has a cooldown.
Harpy (Harpy Feather) - Bauble that gives Haste and Slow fall.